Add Security section (#1014)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/09.5-security/15-self-hosted-operation.md

---
title: "Self-Hosted Operation"
metaTitle: "Self-Hosted Operation"
metaDescription: "Learn about Palette security in a self-Hosted environment."
icon: ""
hideToC: false
fullWidth: false
---

import Tabs from 'shared/components/ui/Tabs';
import WarningBox from 'shared/components/WarningBox';
import InfoBox from 'shared/components/InfoBox';

# Self-Hosted Operation

> In self-hosted operation, where Palette is typically deployed on-prem behind a firewall, you must ensure security controls in your environment. Palette automatically generates security keys at installation and stores them in the management cluster. You can import an optional certificate and private key to match the management cluster Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN). Palette supports enabling disk encryption policies for management cluster virtual machines (VMs) if required. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [self-hosted operation](/enterprise-version), where Palette is typically deployed on-prem behind a firewall, you must ensure your environment has security controls. Palette automatically generates security keys at installation and stores them in the management cluster. You can import an optional certificate and private key to match the Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) management cluster. Palette supports enabling disk encryption policies for management cluster virtual machines (VMs) if required. 
```

Added cross-linking.

> In on-prem deployments, the OVA can operate in stand-alone mode for quick Proof of Concept (POC) or in enterprise mode, which launches a three-node High Availability (HA) cluster as the Palette management cluster. The management cluster provides a browser-based web interface that allows you to set up a tenant and provision and manage tenant clusters. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In self-hosted deployments, the Open Virtualization  Appliance (OVA) can operate in stand-alone mode for quick Proof of Concept (POC) or in enterprise mode, which launches a three-node High Availability (HA) cluster as the Palette management cluster. The management cluster provides a browser-based web interface that allows you to set up a tenant and provision and manage tenant clusters. You can also deploy Palette to a Kubernetes cluster by using the Palette Helm Chart. Refer to the [Install Using Helm Chart](/enterprise-version/deploying-palette-with-helm) guide to learn more.
```

> In deployments that require a proxy internet connection, both the Private Cloud Gateway (PCG) component and the management agent support Socks5 or HTTPS proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In deployments requiring a proxy internet connection, the Private Cloud Gateway (PCG) component and the management agent support SOCKS5 or HTTPS proxy.
```
Shortened a bit and cleanup up SOCKS5 term to all caps

> Palette does not phone home or send telemetry or customer data back to the SaaS platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Self- hosted Palette does not connect to Palette SaaS or send telemetry or customer data back to the Palette SaaS platform.
```
Not everyone outside the U.S. may be familiar with the term "phone home".

<br />

# Resources

[SaaS Operation](/security/saas-operation)

> <br />

Reviewer: Why so many break lines @ritawatson ??? One is enough.
